

This a model from the article:  
**Distribution of a persistent sodium current across the ventricular wall in guinea pigs.**   
Sakmann BF, Spindler AJ, Bryant SM, Linz KW, Noble D. _Circ Res_ 2000 Nov
10;87(10):910-4 [11073887](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11073887) ,  
**Abstract:**   
A tetrodotoxin-sensitive persistent sodium current, I(pNa), was found in
guinea pig ventricular myocytes by whole-cell patch clamping. This current was
characterized in cells derived from the basal left ventricular subendocardium,
midmyocardium, and subepicardium. Midmyocardial cells show a statistically
significant (P<0.05) smaller I(pNa) than subendocardial and subepicardial
myocytes. There was no significant difference in I(pNa) current density
between subepicardial and subendocardial cells. Computer modeling studies
support a role of this current in the dispersion of action potential duration
across the ventricular wall.

This model was taken from the [CellML
repository](http://www.cellml.org/models) and automatically converted to SBML.  
The original model was: [ **Sakmann BF, Spindler AJ, Bryant SM, Linz KW, Noble
D. (2000) - version=1.0**
](http://models.cellml.org/exposure/6018168fb66a3ea2b18484496ef88dbc)  
The original CellML model was created by:  
**Penny Noble**   
penny.noble@dpag.ox.ac.uk  
The University of Oxford  

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not. .  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le NovÃ¨re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

